And once you are done with the set up start and actually building up and the first thing they're all
going to build is or here this section and we're going to build more here now.
Container here these are going to be the lengths that we're building over here.
Right.
And on this list.
So this is what we're going to build right away.
So we're going to go here and I'm going to get rid of this one and found some.
We don't need them all here.
And we're also going to just refresh because we have all here the body.
Right.
And we're going to go in the body and we're going to start writing.
And the first thing that we would want to do is we're going to say we're here and this is going to be
the half here and now was going to have an idea of an hour of class is going to be signed now.
So here classes is going to be signed here.
Press time and once inside have all gone right and this is going to be Dave with a class of Logo container.
So go Container container over here.
Then inside this logo container we're going to have a div of side logo press time.
Once we get around inside the side logo we would want Image and the source for damage is going to be
images and we're going to go with Logo.
All right so this is going to be our logo.
And then with alternative we can just write.
And this is going to be a logo like this.
And once we're done with the site logo still within a logo container we're actually going to create
a button.
Right.
So we're going to say we're here and this is going to be a side button.
And then with the side button we're going to have a $3 bar one or two on bar three.
So here I can just copy and paste this line one two three.
All right.
This is going to be bar to you.
And this is going to be Barthrop.
Now once we're done we're here with this side button.
And once we're done with a side logo we're actually done with a logo container.
So what we can do here is we're going to say this is going to be logo container yet just so we're actually
not placing everything together and then we're trying to find where are the links and where is the logo
container.
So I'm going to say here we'll go container.
And so once we have this separate Now I can see that we build pretty much in this section.
Right.
We obviously didn't have any success.
Now we want to focus on the links so we're going to go here and we're going to say that this is going
to be on our list.
I'm going to say side have I I'm going to say links right first time.
I know we're going to first say that this is going to be a list item and the list items are going to
say music like this.
Then once we have first started.
Now we would want to have or hear some list items with a likes.
All right.
So we're going to say on here like this and this is going to be a list item here within the last line
and we're going to have or hear a link.
And this is going to be dummy link.
Then within the link We're going to say that this is going to be spanne here.
And in this plan we're actually going to place are fantastic.
All right so here we're going to say f a s and or here we're going to say F.A. since we're going to
be adding more of them.
Right.
And then once outside the span or here right we're actually going to write that this is going to be
let's say featured on this.
All right so this is what we would want.
So what I'm going to do here is we will have a seven of them.
So what I can do here I can just copy and paste them.
All right.
So first what I'm going to do is I'm going to make this a little bit better.
All right so we can see a little bit better.
And we're going to have to put copy and paste this six times.
So one two three four five six.
Right.
So now it's seven.
So what I'm going to say here is I would want to select the whole thing and I'm just going to use a
beauty for this right.
So now we can see better what we're doing.
And the first icon that we're going to have is music.
Then out here we're going to have a microphone on here.
Then the next one is going to be placed and then after that we're going to have a desktop handling this
desk top you can see that it step over here and actually read this.
Then after that dust up are you going to have a heart art here.
And then we have a download here and then after that we have clay and we're actually done with this
part of HDMI.
So now we would need to do is go ahead and actually work with a C Ss.
So here in the sense like always the first thing that we're going to say is that for all the elements
we're going to get rid of a default paddings and margins right.
And we're going to actually set the whole thing for box sizing borderer books.
So you know we're going to sell this right so it brings you know margin 0 0 here and box sizing here
sizing is going to be border box like this once we have this now for the whole body.
Right away in background and I'm going to say the background is going to be hashtag and 5 3 5.
That's right.
So this is going to be light gray background.
Then the next thing that I would want to do is start actually working on here with this logo container.
So I'm going to say logo container right over here where I'm going to save.
Padding is going to be top zero over here.
Write it's going to be 20 pixels like this and then we have 0 0 and this pretty much means that once
we're going to have a button that is going to have a little bit of padding here right away you going
to say this play flex.
Now maybe before we actually work with a display flex Let's actually create the button because otherwise
we are not going to be able to see the button.
So the way we actually make the side button seem all right we're going to say we're here bar and we're
going to say karma bar too.
And this is going to be another comma here and this is going to be bar three like this right.
And we're going to say with is going to be 30 pixels like this then or here.
The height is going to be four pixels like this will have a margin and six pixels are going to be top
bottom five because those are going to be so.
And then we're going to have a background and the background is going to be hashed out go here to serve
and to 6:53.
Right.
So this is going to be our site now that we have all here are so modern.
Now let's go ahead and let's actually work with this container.
Let's continue.
All right.
So here we're going to say is that this is going to be a display and we're going to set it display and
also flex reeling.
That's right.
And I can see that you have displayed them flex had biceps and you're going to say or just if I can't
find space and we're going to say between until we're going to push them as far as from each other as
possible.
And then after that we're going to say a background it's going to be hash tag EF 1 5 0 2 5 like this.
Right.
So this is going to be on here.
This orange background.
And once we have this now let's go ahead and let's actually make this container a little bit smaller.
Or here let's create this container this container image and let's make it a little bit smaller.
So we're going to say here that this is going to be a logo container and we're going to say image and
or here we're going to just say with and with is going to be hundred pixels right.
And I can see that we made it smaller.
So once we have our logo smaller now let's continue working on about end because we just pretty much
created it just so we can see what's happening.
Right.
And then over here I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be side PTEN we're here and we're
going to say align self and we're going to say Center on this then we're going to have a more more we're
here and we're going to say three pixels solid.
And this is going to be hashtag 2 7 7 2 7.
All right.
So now I can see that both of them are exactly the same.
Right exactly in the center.
So now that we're done with this it's actually go ahead and let's add another class.
What this class is going to be you see or hear as I'm pressing.
These bars are actually changing right where we are not going to have the right now to Jacqui right.
Let's first finish the styling right.
However as you can see that once I press the button something is changing with this button and this
something is actually these bars.
And how do we do that.
Here what we need to do is actually had another class.
But we're going to add this class only when we actually say to add a javascript right.
This is not going to be added right away.
Right.
We're only going to see it once we start.
A great engineer and Javascript running right.
So I'm going to say we're here bar one.
All right.
So when this class is and how the bar one is affected.
Right.
And I'm going to say that bar one is actually a fact invent transform and we're going to say take it
here and we can say negative 45 degrees like this.
And then also we're going to say translate and translate we're going to say negative 7 pixels over here
and six pixels and we're going to go over low.
But once the actual class starts running and then I can show you exactly what's happening all right.
But the point is let's create this crack class.
So it actually starts working.
So let's just grab this guy one too.
All right we're going to copy two more times.
No real going to say martu.
And this is going to be bartering or here we're going to write opacity and we're going to say this is
going to be zero you know and that that would be for a second.
All right.
So you were saying before the first bar we had a rotate.
Now we would one translate.
So we're going to see or hear that we would want a opacity we're going to say zero or right.
Then for a third one would want a same thing rotate progun change or here to 45 degrees positive and
negative 8 pixels.
Right so we're going to have negative pixels.
And over here would need to do is we would want this change to happen over time right.
So even though the class is added with javascript it still would take a little bit of time right so
you can see or hear the bars are not changing right away.
So what I'm going to say here that this is going to be a transition basically with the transition we're
saying we would want to change that probably would we would want to happen over time and we have new
ways of writing right.
We can write transform when say writing what would be the properties effect and right.
And what we're saying with all the bars right and with all the bars we would want a transform Trents
form here.
Seconds he's right to what we're saying is that only this property it would take three seconds and it
would.
Easy.
So basically it start slow and then ends right and then after that we're going to say opacity right.
This would be another property right.
This one is for bar two.
And this also is going to be three seconds and we're going to say.
Now there is a shortcut for this right.
What we can do over here is we can write transition.
We could just write all this shortcut.
Let's say three seconds each.
So basically all the properties that we will going to right over here with this change right.
They are going to be affected.
So are here more specifically.
Right over here like this right.
We have many of them right.
We don't need to really bother this and we're going just right all three seconds in or here right now
once we're done with this.
Let's go ahead and maybe let's add a hole here this glass.
So let's go here and let's go to Scripture.
Yes.
And once we were going to be in scramjets now we need to say a few things right now we need to select
something and we need to apply this class.
So here the first thing that I'm going to say is going to be that I would want to select or hear the
side button.
Here is one when.
All right a dollar sign.
And I write parentheses and I right on your side between right so I'm selecting.
So once this side button is clicked right because I'm adding a click comment here what I'm going to
say is this is going to be a function anonymous function and we're going to have a curly braces right.
So basically I'm saying once I look at something should happen and what would be that something.
All right.
So first what I'm going to say is this is going to be another selector and it's all going around on
your side.
Links like this and we need to write side of things basically remember this and our list.
It was it had a class of side of things it's on the right side now links and when we're going to say
is good and we like to go.
So basically I can have a slide up or slide down.
So this wouldn't be a function to do this or if I won have both of them right if I know one just slide
up or slide now I'm going to slide tackle.
So basically the first time I click it is going to slide down and it's going to slide up right.
And here we're going to write it time and again to write three thousand which just stands for 3000 milli
seconds which is actually three seconds.
And the reason why we write it.
Let's say I'm going to write this long because I just want you to see how everything is happening right.
So I would say this and you can save the main She also an on here on the script right.
You can see what happens once I actually press the button.
All right my wings disappear and then they begin to appear.
And so basically this sly dog was working right.
Once we clicked the button something is happening.
Now let's go ahead and let's right away.
What could this change thing.
Right.
So we wouldn't want to have this class.
Now what we want out this class 2 0 1 added to the side button.
So what do we do.
We go back over here going to going back to script tag and the next rule that we're going to say is
right when to say or here like this.
Right then we would want a dollar sign.
Now we actually want to select the actual side by side button.
Well you know I'm going to say tango again.
And now we're going to be tackling the class.
Right.
And the class is going to be you guest and that's going to be change.
Change this.
I say this.
See what happens right now when I press it and disappear.
Right.
And the links are here.
These bars are here.
You see what's happening with them right.
And now let's go over what's happening.
Right.
So here what I'm saying is bar one.
Once the class is that it should rotate down 45 and it does as you can see or here and draw things down.
And also translates on the Web.
Right.
So let's say or here if all right it's like let's say 25 right you can see where the bar is moving right
now.
Right.
So that's why we're writing seven or here or here.
The same thing you can see we're getting rid of this second bar.
Right.
If it's initially there then we are saying ampacity zero on this right so we can see the middle one
disappears and transformed the last one is going to be rotating opposite direction.
Right.
This guy's going to be going up.
I know he can see where it's going.
And again translate again the same thing if we're adding the values we're changing where the bar is
actually flowing right.
So this is what we did here with this button.
Now let's keep on working with our main success and let's actually start the sidewalks when it's all
going to say oh here and we can close this one for now.
All right.
We're going to go back on here.
We're going to start working.
Now we're here maybe let's say a cursor pointer pointer here just so we know that actually has We're
all over the model.
The cursor is going to be pointing then or here let's create more space and we're going to start again
very simple.
All right.
When you say or here side have links right here we're going to say is you know what let's maybe show
them right so we can see what's happening.
Right.
And since we don't have margin batting you don't see these annoying bullet points right but we actually
need to get them right so we're going to say Listowel type and we're going to say not here.
Then the background we're going to say we're here like this hash tag see we were here and then we're
going to have a c 9.
And then we have a C or here again right.
So this is going to be our background.
Then once we have the background.
Now let's start working on them right here.
I'm going to say for the first one side links here and sorry a side have links here and list them.
Now we're going to say first of type and because I want to first select the first type list item you're
right.
Well I'm going to say here that this is going to have a in pairing 10 pixels here then it's going to
have a fun size 20 pixels this than text transform.
We're going to say prickish you know this and font style and we're going to say that this is going to
beat out.
Now let's go ahead and let's start working with these links.
Right.
So we're going to say side.
Now I have two things I'm going to say right.
First of all in this play block you then we're going to have a padding of five pixels and 10 pixels
or here.
All right so platting is going to be top bottom five and 10 pixels or here on the side.
Then we're going to have a fun size 20 pixels on this then text transform is going to be capitalize.
And I thought I was over here text decoration.
It's going to be none.
All right we're going to get rid of this annoying on the line and then we're going to have a color.
Right.
And the color is going to be two.
So when two 6:53 went like this then we're here we're going to write a transition transition here and
that's going to be a background background right.
And we're going to say on here two seconds each.
Now again since what we're going to be doing is there's going to be a few of them we can go right away
and use a shorter range.
We can read the name of them right or we can just use a shortcut.
So I'm going to say here.
All right let's say again three seconds three seconds each.
Why.
Once we have this now the next thing that I would want to do is I want to say what should happen.
Right.
And over here I'm going to say this is going to be side of winks and I'm going to say hover power here.
So I was I'm hovering What should change.
Now I'm going to say background for change.
Right.
And I'm going to use R G B an RDBMS Stickley is the same as R G B is just has over here this value right
where we actually can control the capacity.
So if I'm going to write or here the black color which is 0 0 0 is black.
No I'm saying opacity is going to be zero point five meaning the transparency of this element is going
to be point five.
So if we click over here quicker I think you can see or hear what we have right.
You can see this is my ampacity and this is the actual color.
So obviously with our G.P.A. what I'm where I can do here is I can just change this opacity or here
right.
That's why there's a.
Stands for right.
GBG just stands for red green black and blue right which by values of 0 0 0.
This is going to be black.
Right.
So we're going to have going on back here.
And what set it to zero point five.
So let's now check it out.
What do we have right.
And you know it looks at the padding let's say padding and let's say padding left and let's say that
this is going to be 30 pixels right.
So you can see that if I have 10 pixels and we're here normal padding right.
What I would want to do as I'm hovering departing should increase.
So let's this region.
You see what I read.
My background is changing.
And so here my padding is change.
However these changes are happening over time.
They do not happen right away.
Right.
It takes them time to Y while the transition takes place.
Right now once we're done with this we're actually able to work on here with this little icon.
Right.
And if we want to work with this little icon we're all going to say side here and have links and we're
going to say span.
And because the span is apparent down here we're going to say font size 20 pixels or healing this then
we're going to say and this is going to be margin right.
And this is going to be 10 pixels like this.
And then we're going to say color we're going to give it this orange color.
We said 1 5 0 5 like this.
Right now we need to have 1 5 0 2 4.
So then we say this over here and we're about to be done.
Right.
But there's one thing that we need.
So here what you can see that every time I refresh the page right you can see that the links are gone.
Here if I would refresh the links that would always stay or here right.
I don't want to do this because I don't want to break my wife preview right or you know what let's just
do it just so you can see right so you can see they're always over here right.
So every time I refresh the page the links are going to be here.
Now that's not what I would want.
So I'd want initially to have no links or here only when I press the button on here they're all going
up here.
So what are you going to do here for that.
We're going to go back over here and what we would need to say then we would want a site that links
this whole on your list to be displayed.
Now I'm not going to go back over here right.
We could have written them here honestly this right.
We're just so you can see later that it kind of makes sense that we're doing this gradually and right.
We first work on all things and only then we make them display none.
Otherwise if we're going to make them display none and then keep working on a links it's not going to
make much sense right.
So I'm going to say on here side and have your links and when we're going to say we're here in this
plane and so we're going to send this plane on here.
Right.
So now they're actually by default right away gone and only want to press them but no.
Here in the upper right and over here they disappear.
Then again we proceed again in that here.
Right.
So now that we're done with the section we are ready to move one to our next section.